# 실제 디바이스로 개발하는것과 시뮬레이터를 이용하는 것은 어떤차이가 있나?

[Documentation 오래된자료, 참고](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/iOS_Simulator_Guide/TestingontheiOSSimulator/TestingontheiOSSimulator.html)  
[블로그](https://meenu.tistory.com/20)  
  
  
**Hardware Differences**
<br>
Though most of the functionality of devices can be simulated in Simulator, some hardware features must be tested directly on a device. The hardware features that are not simulated as of iOS 8.2 are:<br>
<br>
- Motion support (accelerometer and gyroscope) are unsupported. (가속도계, 자이로스코프) <br>
- Audio and video input (camera and microphone) are unsupported. (카메라, 마이크) <br>
- Proximity sensor (근접 센서) <br>
- Barometer (기압 센서) <br>
- Ambient light sensor (근접 광 센서)<br>
Additionally, WatchKit apps have a reliable connection to the simulated host device because they both are running in the Simulator.<br>
<br>
To test your app on a device, you must be a member of a Developer Program. To learn more about enrolling in the iOS Developer Program, see Managing Accounts in App Distribution Guide.<br>
<br>

**API Differences**
<br>
Simulator APIs don’t have all the features that are available on a device. For example, the APIs don’t offer:<br>
<br>
- Receiving and sending Apple push notifications (푸시 알림 수신, 송신) <br>
- Privacy alerts for access to Photos, Contacts, Calendar, and Reminders (개인정보 보호 알림기능 / 사진,연락처, 캘린더, 리마인더에 접근하기 위한)<br>
- The UIBackgroundModes key ()<br>
- Handoff support ()<br>

<br>
In addition, Simulator doesn’t support the following frameworks:<br>
- External Accessory<br>
- IOSurface<br>
- Media Player<br>
- Message UI<br>
- In UIKit, the UIVideoEditorController class<br>
The Metal, MetalKit, and Metal Performance Shaders frameworks are provided only as stubs. Calls to functions in these frameworks have no effect.<br>
<br>





